 Solitude is not measured by the miles of space that intervene between a man and his fellows.
 No method nor discipline can supersede the necessity of being forever on the alert.
 Our notions of law and harmony are commonly confined to those instances which we detect; but the harmony which results from a far greater number of seemingly conflicting, but really concurring, laws, which we have not detected, is still more wonderful.
 His singleness of purpose and resolution, and his elevated piety, endowed him, without his knowledge, with perennial youth.
 The day is an epitome of the year.
 This did not appear the worst, nor by any means a despicable alternative.
 Yet I passed some cheerful evenings in that cool and airy apartment...
 When the illiterate and perhaps scornful trader has earned by enterprise and industry his coveted leisure and independence, and is admitted to the circles of wealth and fashion, he turns inevitably at last to those still higher but yet inaccessible circles of intellect and genius, and is sensible only of the imperfection of his culture and the vanity and insufficiency of all his riches, and further proves his good sense by the pains which he takes to secure for his children that intellectual culture whose want he so keenly feels; and thus it is that he becomes the founder of a family.
 The sun is alone, except in thick weather, when there sometimes appear to be two, but one is a mock sun.
 What makes this sand foliage remarkable is its springing into existence thus suddenly.
 You find thus in the very sands an anticipation of the vegetable leaf.
 Thus I caught two fishes as it were with one hook.
 And so the seasons went rolling on into sum- mer, as one rambles into higher and higher grass.
 They fought with more pertinacity than bulldogs.
 I relinquished these trees to them and visited the more distant woods composed wholly of chestnut.
 They lay mingled with other natural stones, some of which bore the marks of having been burned by Indian fires, and some by the sun, and also bits of pottery and glass brought hither by the recent cultivators of the soil.
 This sort of ginger-bread is baked daily and more sedulously than pure wheat or rye-and-Indian in almost every oven, and finds a surer market.
 Some are "industrious," and appear to love labor for its own sake, or perhaps because it keeps them out of worse mischief; to such I have at present nothing to say.
 Holding a microscope to the first-mentioned red ant, I saw that, though he was assiduously gnawing at the near fore leg of his enemy, having severed his remaining feeler, his own breast was all torn away, exposing what vitals he had there to the jaws of the black warrior, whose breastplate was apparently too thick for him to pierce; and the dark carbuncles of the sufferer's eyes shone with ferocity such as war only could excite.
 I could never tell from inspecting such a load whether it belonged to a so-called rich man or a poor one; the own- er always seemed poverty-stricken.
 I had some guests from those not reckoned commonly among the town's poor, but who should be; who are among the world's poor, at any rate; guests who appeal, not to your hospitality, but to your hospitalality; who earnestly wish to be helped, and preface their appeal with the in- formation that they are resolved, for one thing, never to help themselves.
 I sometimes wonder that we can be so frivolous, I may almost say, as to attend to the gross but somewhat foreign form of servitude called Negro Slavery, there are so many keen and subtle masters that enslave both North and South. 