This series of five diagrams shows how three kinds of organic wastes (..., ..., and ...) are turned into a chemical mixture or fertilizer to be used for garden plants.
... in volume
... in height
... in thickness
a plastic container-two cubic meters in volume-stores those wastes.
three layers of vents
On its four walls are three layers of vents for air coming in and going out.
lies at the bottom of
pile up to ...
waste food lies at the bottom of the container and piles up to 15cm in height. On its top is grass which is also 15cm in thickness. Then shredded newspapers are spread over.
after that, nitrogen is poured in
the decomposition process
starts under the effect of 
emit out
With the cover tightly closed on the container, the decomposition process of these organic wastes starts under the effect of heat and vapor begins emitting out
fermentation
finally converted into
a chain of chemical reactions that can transform wastes into compost

the procedure starts in the license center where applicants complete the application form and then ...
people who pass the test move onto the next stage while those who fail are declined the opportunity of obtaining the license.
Then, after paying the required fee
here lie two opportunities
the driving test that follows
will be offered the license
and here lie two opportunities: if they pass and get through the driving test that follows, they will be offered the license, but if ...
those who arrive at the driving test but are unfortunately hindered by it are also required to retake the writing test
It is worth emphasizing that
three times in a row
pay the fee for a second time
those who cannot pass the writing test three times in a row are asked to pay the fee for a second time
in succession
so do those who fail the driving test and the retaken test in succession
Dr. ..., I presume

provides information about
two major devices are involved in the water filter: a bucket with a wooden coveer and a closed tank with a tap.
among which the charcoal is situated between the sand and gravel
at the bottom of the bucket is a long pipe linking through the three layers to the closed tank
there are two basic steps in the production of drinking water
the process starts from
the process starts from pouring impure water into the bucket
flows through ... and finally into ...
afterwards, the water flows through the pipe and finally into the storage tank where clean drinking water is stored
switching on the tap
at the lower part of the tank
by simply switching on the tap at the lower part of the tank
a two-step process
filtration

flow chart
which includes ... as well as ...
processing and distribution
the flow chart shows detailed information of how smoked fish are produced, which includes fishing as well as steps of processing and distribution.
where they will be ... before being ...
shipped to ports, where they will be frozen before being washed by fresh water in a water tank as soon as they thaw
in the following procedure
after which
soaked in
the cleaned fish will be cut in half, after which they will be soaked in a container full of salt water and yellow coloring
involves heating and smoking the fish
packed into boxes
be ready for distribution
Once they are packed, they will be frozen again in cold storage facilities, after which all of them will be ready for distribution
Overall, the whole process can be divided into several consecutive steps and the most complicated part is processing.

which consists of five stages
the raw ingredient required for cheese production, is mixed with water
the mixture then undergoes the cooling process, which is held at the temperature of ... for two hours
as soon as ... is complete
cooling phase
as soon as the cooling phase is complete
salt is added before the mixture is left to ferment for another two hours at the temperature of ...
to get rid of ...
the excessive amount of
is heated to ...
during which
water escapes in the form of steam
to get rid of the excessive amount of water, the next step is evaporation in which the mixture is heated to ... for eight hours, during which water escapes in the form of steam
put through an eight-hour cooling process
the product is put through an eight-hour cooling process that takes place at ...
finally, the filter is used to separate water from soft cheese
duration
Overall, it is worth mentioning that there are varying requirements of the temperature and duration in each step involved in the manufacturing of soft cheese

which can be divided into ... main stages
the diagram illustrates the process of producing fresh orange juice and orange juice from concentrate which can be divided into three main stages
in the first stage
then it comes to the production stage
after which there will be fresh juice and solid waste left
is either ... directly, or ...
the solid waste is used to feed animals such as cows, while the fresh orange juice is either packaged directly, or evaporated into concentrated orange juice and water
in the final stage
to shops for sale
however, the production of orange juice from concentration requires more steps
to warehouse for storage
where water is mixed with orange concentrate
