both led the table with ... pounds of total advertising expenditure
spent considerably less, at ... and ... pounds respectively
Breaking the total expenditure into categories, we can find that for ..., almost half of its advertising went to TV, a third went to the press, while cinema, radio, and outdoor shared the remaining expenditure almost equally (6%£¬ 7%£¬ and 7% respectively).
For ..., again, TV was the most important medium of advertising, accounting for ...
The press constituted about a fifth, followed by outdoor (16%) and radio (only 5%).
However, for ..., the leading medium of advertising was the press (52%) rather than TV (30%).
Cinema, radio and outdoor accounted for ..., ... and ... respectively.
Finally, almost all the advertising expenditure for ... was on TV (70%) and the press (25%).
... only spent 2% and 3% of its budget on radio and outdoor
It's interesting to note that no advertising was placed on the cinema by ... and ... in 2018.
TV and the press were obviously two most important media of advertising for these four car manufacturers.

lists the percentage of the total workforce and the percentage of managers who are women in five countries
gender-balanced
has a roughly gender-balanced workforce
women make up about a half of the country's working population (46%)
Women in Australia and Japan have similar share of the country's labor force (42% and 41% respectively)
Next comes Sri Lanka with 37% of all workers being women
Finally, Egypt is where the most striking gender difference is found: there is only one woman for every four men in the workplace
only slightly lower than
corresponding percentage of
overall workforce
With regard to the employment at management levels, ... and ... have a similar percentage of managers who are women (... and ... respectively), which is only slightly lower than the corresponding percentage of women in the overall workforce
managerial positions
However, managerial positions in the other three countries are predominantly occupied by men, as women constitute only 12% of all managers in both ... and ..., and only 9% in ...
To sum up, ... and ... have the most balanced gender ratio throughout the workplace while gender difference is the greatest at management levels in Sri Lanka.

provides the statistics about
The Polish accounted for the largest share, with ... people living in other four countries
on the other hand, the Spanish form the smallest part, with ... people choosing to live in other European nations.
Britain and Germany were the most popular destinations
... favored ... the most and ... preferred ... the most
the Polish favored Britain the most and the Italian preferred Germany the most
Spain ranked third in the popularity of residence countries
compared to those three countries, Italy was less popular
it is worth mentioning that
a surprisingly low amount of
however, it is worth mentioning that a surprisingly low amount of people from other four European countries lived in Poland (6,000).
the most popular country of residence
to sum up, Germany was the most popular country of residence, while Poland was the least popular one
